README.md, before:

![Ally Logo](http://marketing.tradeking.com/page/ally-and-tradeking-learn-more/i/logo_ally-doitright.png)

# Ally Front-End Development Coding Challenge

### Overview

In the UX Development Team here at Ally, we’re looking to hire developers who are technically skilled and passionate about the Web. To help us gain a better understanding of your strengths in these areas, we’d like for you to complete a coding challenge to get the conversation started. Look at this as your chance to put your best foot forward and give us your best shot!

The principles, concepts, and philosophies of development that we value most and that you need to take into account in your submission are:

*	Web Standards
*	Semantic Markup
*	Performance
*	Accessibility

### The Challenge

This repository contains a PSD including all page-states as well as accompanying JPG’s to illustrate how the page should look upon completion. 

Your challenge is to render this layout design as a fully functional web page using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Your page should render perfectly in (at minimum) Chrome, Firefix and IE 9+.

### Technical Guidelines

*	Anchors on the page can just have “#” as their href.
*	Only jQuery & native code can be used to write the javascript for this page. 
* Plugins **can not** be used to build the tabs and modal.
*	Rate table must be built out by consuming provided JSON file.
* Bonus points for the page being responsive.

### Submitting Your Completed Challenge

Reply to the sender of this challenge with a link to your Github (or other preferred SCM) repository containing your finalized assets. The deadline date/time for this challenge should have accompanied these instructions. If not, please respond to the sender of this challenge to inquire.

Good luck, give it your best, and we look forward to seeing your work!

Commit message:

Adds comps and img links to README

README.md, after:

![Ally Logo](http://marketing.tradeking.com/page/ally-and-tradeking-learn-more/i/logo_ally-doitright.png)

# Ally Front-End Development Coding Challenge

### Overview

In the UX Development Team here at Ally, we’re looking to hire developers who are technically skilled and passionate about the Web. To help us gain a better understanding of your strengths in these areas, we’d like for you to complete a coding challenge to get the conversation started. Look at this as your chance to put your best foot forward and give us your best shot!

The principles, concepts, and philosophies of development that we value most and that you need to take into account in your submission are:

*	Web Standards
*	Semantic Markup
*	Performance
*	Accessibility

### The Challenge

This repository contains a PSD including all page-states as well as [accompanying comps](https://github.com/allylabs/fed-coding-challenge/tree/public/assets/comps) to illustrate how the page should look upon completion. We've also included [assets from the PSD](https://github.com/allylabs/fed-coding-challenge/tree/public/assets/img) in case you don't have Photoshop.

Your challenge is to render this layout design as a fully functional web page using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Your page should render perfectly in (at minimum) Chrome, Firefix and IE 9+.

### Technical Guidelines

*	Anchors on the page can just have “#” as their href.
*	Only jQuery & native code can be used to write the javascript for this page. 
* Plugins **can not** be used to build the tabs and modal.
*	Rate table must be built out by consuming provided JSON file.
* Bonus points for the page being responsive.

### Submitting Your Completed Challenge

Reply to the sender of this challenge with a link to your Github (or other preferred SCM) repository containing your finalized assets. The deadline date/time for this challenge should have accompanied these instructions. If not, please respond to the sender of this challenge to inquire.

Good luck, give it your best, and we look forward to seeing your work!
